fix broken link to entry-points details (#2468)
pypa/setuptools: docs/pkg_resources.rst

To advertise an entry point, a project needs to use ``setuptools`` and provide
an ``entry_points`` argument to ``setup()`` in its setup script, so that the
entry points will be included in the distribution's metadata.  For more

> details, see `Advertising Behavior <https://setuptools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/userguide/entry_point.html#dynamic-discovery-of-services-and-plugins`>_.

Reviewer: To prevent this from happening in the future, it's best to use a reference to the corresponding RST label instead of a hardcoded URL, letting Sphinx figure out the actual link on build:
```suggestion
details, see :ref:`Advertising Behavior<dynamic discovery of services and plugins>`.
```
